CONTRIBUTING: Add docs of the Architecture (#57)
cycloidio/inframap: CONTRIBUTING.md

this structure is a `graph.Graph`.

To get the Graph from TFState we use the `dependencies` (or `depends_on` if it is older than Terraform 0.13) to generate the edges between resources so then
we can have the first Graph in which each resource is a node and we have edges between them.

To get the Graph from HCL we use the interpolations, which is basically the references between resources on HCL

```hcl
resource "aws_db_instance" "application" {
  identifier = "rds"

  vpc_security_group_ids = [aws_security_group.rds.id]

  tags = {
    Name = "name"
    type = "master"
    role = "rds"
  }
}
```

This means that `aws_db_instance.application -> aws_db_instance.rds.id` will have an edge between them.

This is not always enough so we have also have a `Provider.PreProcess` which from the JSON config (common JSON representation of the HCL or TFState configuration)
can return specific edges to create between nodes. An example can be found for the Google provider https://github.com/cycloidio/inframap/blob/074e1f9bc98fb99ede7d55404b16b4d9ff9cb1e1/provider/google/google.go#L167

> Once we have the common Graph, we start doing the operations which will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have the common Graph, we start doing the operations:
```

find . -name '*-gray.svg' -type f -exec inkscape {} -w 72 -h 72 --export-filename resize/{}.png \; && find ./resize/ -type f -name '*.svg.png' -exec sh -c 'f="{}"; mv -- "$f" "${f%.svg.png}.png"' \;
```

### Code Architecture

> In this section we'll explain the main packages if you want to contribute/read/understand how InfraMap does what it does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we'll explain the main packages if you want to contribute/read/understand how InfraMap works.
```

#### Providers

> The main idea behind InfraMap is to abstract each specific provider logic into a different implementation with a common interface

Reviewer: This para is a bit redundant with himself. I would reword in in this way:

> The main idea behind InfraMap is to abstract each specific Terraform provider logic into a different implementation using a common interface: `provider.Provider`.
All this implementations are inside the `provider/` package.

so then we can have a common logic that calls this interface without knowing which provider is using. All this interface implementations
are inside the `provider/` package and being `provider.Provider` the main interface with all the needed methods for each provider.

Not all the methods are needed to be implemented and that's why we have the `provider/nop_provider.go` which has an empty implementation
of the `provider.Provider` interface.

> All the providers that we have implemented are defined on `provider/{provider-name}` for example `provider/aws/` which holds

Reviewer: We could add a note regarding the `{provider-name}`: it needs to reflect the TF provider name.

the implementation of the AWS provider.

> For more information on the provider interface we recommend to read the interface itself.

Reviewer: We could add a doc link: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cycloidio/inframap@v0.3.0/provider?tab=doc#Provider

#### Generate and Prune

> The main entry point start on the `main.go` but it's basically delegated to the `cmd/`. The logic of each subcommand (`generate` and `prune`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main entry point starts with the `main.go` which actually calls the `cmd/`. The logic of each subcommand: `generate` and `prune`
```

> is separated into different packages: `generate/` and `prune/` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is separated into eponymous packages.
```

**Prune**

> For the Prune what we do is use the `Provider.UsedAttributes` as a white list of the attributes that are actually needed and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Prune what we do is to use the `Provider.UsedAttributes` as a white list of the attributes that are actually needed,
```

> drop the rest of the attributes and output the pruned version of the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
drop the rest and output the pruned version of the input.
```

**Generate**

> For the Generate it's a bit more complex. We want to have a common structure to operate with that it's independent of the input type (HCL or TFState),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Generate it's a bit more complex. We want to have a common structure to operate in order to be independent of the input type (HCL or TFState),
```

this structure is a `graph.Graph`.

To get the Graph from TFState we use the `dependencies` (or `depends_on` if it is older than Terraform 0.13) to generate the edges between resources so then
we can have the first Graph in which each resource is a node and we have edges between them.

To get the Graph from HCL we use the interpolations, which is basically the references between resources on HCL

```hcl
resource "aws_db_instance" "application" {
  identifier = "rds"

  vpc_security_group_ids = [aws_security_group.rds.id]

  tags = {
    Name = "name"
    type = "master"
    role = "rds"
  }
}
```

> This means that `aws_db_instance.application -> aws_db_instance.rds.id` will have an edege between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that `aws_db_instance.application -> aws_db_instance.rds.id` will have an edge between them.
```

This is not always enough so we have also have a `Provider.PreProcess` which from the JSON config (common JSON representation of the HCL or TFState configuration)

> can return specific edges to create between nodes.

Reviewer: > an example can be found for the Google provider https://github.com/cycloidio/inframap/blob/074e1f9bc98fb99ede7d55404b16b4d9ff9cb1e1/provider/google/google.go#L167

> Once we have the common Graph, then we start doing the operations which will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have the common Graph, we start doing the operations which will be:
```

> * Fix the direction of the edges, some of the first edges are wrong in terms of direction, so we fix them first. We do that by checking the config and asking the provider which are the right directions and fix them.

Reviewer: > Using the `ResourceInOut` method, we fix the direction of the edges...

* Remove the nodes that are edges on the specific provider (ex: `aws_security_group` is an edge on AWS). We do that by checking which is the shortest connections between two nodes (provider nodes) on the Graph and then merge all the nodes in between. The merging works by merging each node one by one and reassigning all the edges to the new node with the right direction. To keep the right direction at the end of the merge, and successive merges, we keep a weigh that is used to know how many merges have been done and in which direction (read the code for more information).

> After all this we clean the end graph by removing edges that where not connected or merged, because they are just hanging on the Graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all this we clean the end graph by removing not connected/merged edges because they are just hanging on the Graph.
```

> When all this operations are done then we Print the Graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all this operations are done, we finally printe the Graph using the `printer/` package.
```
